you like your rock and roll me I prefer
opera I know your one classical guy
that's right
nothing like a girl in a metal bra you
know I occasionally go to the Opera and
I think one of my favorite opera tunes
of all time
has to be when the hells are gonna get
dark
I said look around all the clothes
beside there's one ferret
I do not see the people
thank god they're not around anymore you
know call what my kids don't listen to
Hanson much anymore what no Stiles
common styles go but they're all on this
CD set including a long-gone style
grunge sniffler grunge yeah bullets on
this CD set well I didn't know you
wanted me knock me out and this a bit
yes all the CDs all by myself I was a
big grunge fan there we go so was I and
who could ever forget that crunch hit
that was on the top of the charts for
ten weeks Hey
that horse looks good
with a big bowl of chili wouldn't it
picture what it's thinking it a big bowl
of chili actually I don't have a segue
from big bowl of jelly but you know when
I was younger I belong to a folk group
called granola Jo and the crispy oatmeal
trio we didn't do very well but we still
had a lot of fun and made lots of
friends across the country and so folk
has been a part of my life and in fact a
part of my blood it's been a part of my
blood and my life my life's blood well
so one of my favorite artists currently
is jewel and her folk music drew you all
on sir drool was one of the oatmeal trio
he was very funny but never got many
dates anyway back to jewel this is her
top 20 hit give me 20
because here I'm sorry
he says dropping
Oh